viz/README.md, before:

# Wikidetox Viz

This directory contains a google [Google Cloud Appengine Project](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/) 
that visualizes contributions to Wikipedia. The goal is to help understand toxic contributions at scale. The models are far from perfect which means comments are sometimes incorrectly selected; we do not recommend taking an any automated action based on model scores.

The visualization works by interpreting diffs on Talk Pages into comments, and then scoring the comments
using [Perspective API hosted models](https://github.com/conversationai/perspectiveapi/blob/master/api_reference.md#models). 
If a comment is above a certain threshold, the visualization allows Wikipedians to go the [historical Wikipedia revision page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Page_history) to help improve the conversation and/or raise awareness with the relevant admins. This work is part of the [Study of Harassment and its Impact](https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Research:Study_of_harassment_and_its_impact), and the [WikiDetox Project](https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Research:Detox), and we hope it can help support Wikipedia's [anti-harassment guidelines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:How_to_deal_with_harassment).

## Setup

To setup an instance you need a [Google Cloud Project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects) with the [Perpsective API](http://perspectiveapi.com) enabled. 

1. Make a directory called `config` in this directory. 
2. Copy the `config_default_template.js` file to `config/default.js`
3. Enter the `gcloudKey` and `API_KEY` fields with a path to a keyfile for google cloud access, and a Perspective API key respectively.

Commit message:

Change server code to typescript

viz/README.md, after:

# Wikidetox Viz

This directory contains a google [Google Cloud Appengine Project](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/)
that visualizes contributions to Wikipedia. The goal is to help understand toxic contributions at scale. The models are far from perfect which means comments are sometimes incorrectly selected; we do not recommend taking an any automated action based on model scores.

The visualization works by interpreting diffs on Talk Pages into comments, and then scoring the comments
using [Perspective API hosted models](https://github.com/conversationai/perspectiveapi/blob/master/api_reference.md#models).
If a comment is above a certain threshold, the visualization allows Wikipedians to go the [historical Wikipedia revision page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Page_history) to help improve the conversation and/or raise awareness with the relevant admins. This work is part of the [Study of Harassment and its Impact](https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Research:Study_of_harassment_and_its_impact), and the [WikiDetox Project](https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Research:Detox), and we hope it can help support Wikipedia's [anti-harassment guidelines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:How_to_deal_with_harassment).

## Setup

To setup an instance you need a [Google Cloud Project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects) with the [Perpsective API](http://perspectiveapi.com) enabled.

1. Make a directory called `config` in this directory.
2. Copy the `config_default_template.js` file to `config/default.js`
3. Enter the `gcloudKey` and `API_KEY` fields with a path to a keyfile for google cloud access, and a Perspective API key respectively.


## Development info

Compile the ts code with
 `tsc --outdir build/server/ -p tsconfig.server.json -w`

Run local server with nodemon
 `nodemon build/server/index.js  config/dev.json`

Test streaming

`node ./wikiDataCollector/tasks.js streamData 2017-06-01:00:00:00 2017-06-01:00:10:00`
